Oscar's happened last night all the
stars were aligned on the red carpet and
once again who was there to realign them
none other than our amigo Guillermo who
filed this report
hi it's me Guillermo me at the Oscar and
it's time to go bananas with Don Julio
1942 hi how are you doing I'm good how
are you - beautiful thank you are you
happy for white people is here happy for
white people yeah they're all nominated
since is is it a year it's their year
every year right it's Hitler cool no you
a frame out but you know am i what are
you afraid of Al Pacino I'm terrified of
it yeah you see here you may be your
army
baby Yoda you know maro strip right I do
she's not nominated this year I'm sorry
to hear that she should be nominated for
walking down the street I saw it too so
I made I'll make her a car and I want
everybody to sign it all the sweeter I
think this is really gonna make her feel
better sign will be here so you can feel
better
lovely anything you'd like to say to
Mary yes
you're a loser this year but um but
you're gonna you're gonna get him next
time thank you so much I love Meryl
Streep and I think she's always a winner
and so that's why I'm not gonna sign
this Oh what are you doing tonight
you're presenting I'm presenting oh my
so nervous and excited I have a joke for
you
okay why didn't the star of the Joker
take a limo because he burped because he
preferred about it's great this is great
I love okay why are the little women so
little why because they were spanked
what do you get when you take one pole
and add another hose
I didn't see the movie parasite because
they how about Molly no
19:17 is not just a movie
it's also the number of times I had to
pee during the Irishmen your release
how are you man I'm okay how are you
doing are we getting back together what
what did we break up yeah we did I
didn't know that yeah I have my joke for
you okay look look read it I try this
yeah try it
he's a clever fella try it I'll try it
try it tonight I'm gonna read it
what does Brad Pitt sweat from his pit
I'm so funny
the Irishman doesn't want to talk to the
Mexican hi how are you new beautiful
what are you doing here I'm I interview
you you want to go banana tonight what's
what are you gonna do here yeah let's go
banana tonight real quick how many other
lips have touched then the first one I
promised your liar
I swear what's inside tickets we'll
figure it out
yeah oh my god it's Kela in that banana
yeah I'm doing I always keep tequila in
my banana how many people have put their
mats on this nobody so far nobody you
gotta be the first one would you like a
drink out of my banana
now that sounds foul no hold on I'm
getting a phone call yeah I think it's
for you and he said and used to kill her
hello yeah what
Oh like that push it up Samantha did you
make this
yeah it's Mexican technology Wow that's
very good okay what about a regular one
all right my kind of girl Oh
tequila's calling you oh my god are you
kidding me no how many of these you have
let me Pat you down okay good well you
know I'm so glad I met you tonight one
more job this is Irish okay what did the
Irishman say to the Mexican let's get
drunk
[Laughter]
I like your man what are you doing after
the show I won't be with you give me a
kiss I just got the first place with
Harvey Patel
well that's it for the red carpet
everybody loves drinking from my banana
thank you very much see you next year
[Applause]
if you like that video then put a ring
on it click the subscribe button below
Oh